I think a pivoted, pivotal moment in my life definitely had to be when
I went from enlisted to officer. I think there was a lot of people
in my life saying that I couldn't do it or a lot of people in my pathway
that said, This is not possible. You're never gonna make it. And
then for me, Thio have certain people to come alongside and really
be my cheerleader, especially my family. And then to be able to, um,
accomplish that goal, get commissioned And then even at some point,
to run into the same individuals who say that I wasn't gonna make
it and see the look in their eyes and the and the doubt that they had
turned into wow, this guy really did it.